Updated dask local cluster url. (#2670)
PrefectHQ/prefect: docs/core/tutorial/06-parallel-execution.md

flow.run(executor=DaskExecutor())
```

> This will spin up a [Local Dask Cluster](https://distributed.dask.org/en/latest/api.html#cluster) on your system to parallelize the tasks. If you already have a Dask Cluster deployed elsewhere, you can leverage that cluster by specifying the address in the `DaskExecutor` constructor:

Reviewer: A better link would be:

```suggestion
This will spin up a [Local Dask Cluster](https://docs.dask.org/en/latest/setup/single-distributed.html) on your system to parallelize the tasks. If you already have a Dask Cluster deployed elsewhere, you can leverage that cluster by specifying the address in the `DaskExecutor` constructor:
```
